Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In the last lecture, we had these two font family, and in this lecture, we're going to be able to
use this for family.
But before then, please note, we are basically going to be using this brand Dashboard Font family
and basically just showed you that we can have multiple font family and you can use font different font
family for your different sections.
Like this text can have this brand as regular font family.
And this test of I can have the brand dashboard font family.
Okay, but what we're going to be doing in this lecture is we're going to make our entire hub use this
brand dashboard family.
In other words, every test we have over here is going to take this brand dashboard, font, family
shape.
Okay, I know that to do this, we're going to need to go to our main that's PHI, where we have our
full hub configuration of.
Now this same data has a property known as Fons family, and over here we can say we want to use the
brand dash board, font family boat as well.
You can say you want to use the brand dash regular or any of the font family you download it.
Okay.
So for me, I'm going to say we want to use the brand dashboard.
What family and what we can do.
We can have you try to come over here and three studies and go check.
Okay.
Or switch started.
Before military start.
It's going to hard to start this app now.
Okay.
You can see we just successfully changed our test for the family.
You can see everything is changed to this dashboard or to whatsoever you whatsoever font family you
downloaded.
Okay, so what we can do now, we can reduce the font size of this test in order to get rid of this
overflow error.
So to do that, we're going to need to go to the customize screen and.
Instead of 25, we can reduce it to 22 and see.
Okay.
Okay great.
We can just with this this to 20.
As well.
You can specify you really don't want to use that for the family code red dashboard over.
Yeah, I'd say okay you start the test as well.
Has a property load as sorry for that for the family and we can specify another type of family that
wants to use the dash regular.
So that should be one of the reason you would want to have different font family.
So you can you can use it for different sections of your hub.
Okay.
Okay, great.
We can as well say Ford STI and Ford's STI.
So it's a look and see.
Okay.
I think this is looking great.
Look, guys, say that.
That's lecture.